Creating first draft Contributing.md (#47)
MuPT-hub/mupt: Contributing.md

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, we recommend starting by making an issue, or

> introducing yourself over email before submitting a pull request.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the introduction over email part. I think "we recommend starting by making an issue before submitting a pull request." would be sufficient.

> introducing yourself over email before submitting a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When contributing to this repository, we recommend starting by making an issue before submitting a pull request.
```

A fun, welcoming spirit of helping to solve polymer science problems is the primary goal here. 

## Pull Request Process

1. Update appropriate files with details of changes to interfaces, functionality.
2. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of two other developers, or if you 

>    do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Making an Issue
Please open an issue for bug reports and feature requests using the GitHub issue tracker.

If you are reporting a bug, please include the following information:

* Concise description of the bug
* Expected behavior
* Actual behavior
* Steps to reproduce
* Details of your software environment

For feature requests, please include a short description of the feature.

## Submitting a Pull Request
We welcome code contributions in the form of pull requests. Please follow the steps below:

* Fork the repository (default branch is main)
* Create a new branch for your feature/bug fix
* Make your changes
* Commit your changes
* Push your changes to your fork and create a pull request. In your pull request, include a short description and idenitfy any existing To-Do's. Include unit tests in your PR if your code adds new functionality.
* Assign the pull request to a reviewer and wait for the reviewers feedback
```

> 

Reviewer: I think we can add more specific contributing guidelines here that are already being used. I adapted this from flowerMD contributing guidelines and the MuPT bug reports and PR templates. Some suggestions:

`## Making an Issue
Please open an issue for bug reports and feature requests using the GitHub issue tracker.

If you are reporting a bug, please include the following information:

*Concise description of the bug
*Expected behavior
*Actual behavior
*Steps to reproduce
*Details of your software environment

For feature requests, please include a short description of the feature.

#Submitting a Pull Request
We welcome code contributions in the form of pull requests. Please follow the steps below:

*Fork the repository (default branch is main)
*Create a new branch for your feature/bug fix
*Make your changes
*Commit your changes
*Push your changes to your fork and create a pull request. In your pull request, include a short description and idenitfy any existing To-Do's. Include unit tests in your PR if your code adds new functionality. 
*Assign the pull request to a reviewer and wait for the reviewers feedback
`
